# Week 2

### Open Source Project Thoughts.

  ## Q : What do you think should be your first contributions to an open source project? Bear in mind the various ways that someone can contribute, and refer back to the webpages that discussed this if you need to.
  
   The first contributions to an open source project should be finding simple problems/issues to solve, such as documentation fixes, grammatical errors, comments to functions, etc. Rarely will anyone truly begin their Open Source adventure with a contribution that is coding and will be accepted on the first try. You could help Organize workshops, Organize project conferences, find members that would help build the project, Restructure layouts, keep issues up to date, write and improve structuring and documentation, give examples on how to use the functionality provided, write tutorials, etc. 
   
   I have personally tried to contribute to a previous open source project [godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot); however, I had been unsucessful as my interperation of the solutions provided were not accepted. I will not be going back into that project, and will hopefully find one that is better suited towards what I desire in an open source project. 
  

## What kind of project would be your ideal project to support? For example, a humanitarian project, a game engine, a part of a big application like Gnome or Firefox? Try to be realistic; given how much time you have during this semester, what is your goal?

  The kind of project I want to support is one where I know the people in the community are willing to assist, that they're active, and they are able to explain issues with details without causing miss-understandings. I really want to contribute to projects whether I know the language or not. My goal is to at least submit one pull request that gets accepted; however, if the project is one that I enjoy I will aim much higher than that. 

  
