# Week 10

### Gitflow/Open Source Project/Development/Unix Knowledge

This week we focused on reading the guides to contributing to Wikipedia, mostly focused on an overview of the customs, norms, and allowed behaviors for Wikipedia editors, and a introduction for Newcomers (A small guide to contribute if you are new). In addition we focused on developing our knowledge of unix in class, and had a test on Friday ( I was not able to come in as a result of external reasons that will not be discussed here for legality reasons). It was relatively useful to learn more about wikipedia as I did last semester, and the unix knowledge we are getting in class is without a doubt going to be extremely helpful. 

As for the Open Source project, I did put more time into working on part; however, my capstone, cloud engineering, and TTP request has eaten a lot more of my time than I expected so I will be working and finishing my part this week. I apologize for the delay. Furthermore, we had really began to focus on unix, focusing on filters, I/O redirection, regular expressions to help us become better software engineers overall, and to hone our skills on unix based systems. These classes helped us learn how to utilize tools to make not only our lives easier, but to increase automation of work. The most powerful tool I saw was regex as I have taken computer theory; however, we never realy got to test the usefulness of regular language expressions in practice. This tool definitely helped in the future regarding a coding interview I had to do, and help pushed my knowledge of regex further. 
