## Mozilla.
### March 1, 2019


We started this week listening to a presentation by Christos Bacharakis who works with students to help enrich their knowledge and experience on open source, and specifically Mozilla. I believe the experience he has is very invaluable, he has shown that he has been in the position to help develop his own skill and to help the open source community. During this time we also worked on exercises to deal with merge conflicts in class, it was a refresher but nothing extreme. We also had to evaluate projects based on their merits and the intentions. I; however, did not follow the instructions correctly and lead to some confusion about what my intention were and what project I wished to be involved in; however, after this point I will be involved in the OSNY-APP

To futher explain the previous introduction, Mozilla's mission is "to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent." Firefox is a part of this mission. Not only does mozilla focus on improvement of the open source community as a whole, they also promote contributing through their programs (as an example) through their [project list](https://projects.ossn.club/). As for the OSNY-APP, I had been in contact with the fellow group members about what work I should be assigned as I did not want to take lead, my focus became on integration of a database to reduce redundancy calls to github api, and to keep a catalog of information regarding the repositories. 
