# Week 15

### Tom Callaway's Discussion, and Presentations

This week we focused on reading Tom Callaway's Musing on Business Models for Open Source Software, and preparing for our final presentations in the class. Tom lists and defines models regarding open source software. Donation model, Open Core, Software as a Service, Peace of Mind, Fear Uncertainty Doubt. Respectively each one means, Soliciting but not requiring donations, having open source code base with selling proprietary software on a code base, open source software services/assistance, middle ground/intermediary for customers/businesses, Open communication about the project. In conclusion to his thoughts, he discusses the fact that the most successful model is usually an Open Core model, and is more likely to be supported. Therefore, organizations should try to focus their behaviors and resource allocation and generation to be in-line with Open Core.

Presentations:  

Well, we've reached the end. We have finally come ot the end of the goal, and the journey. At this point I am graduating hunter college! I am currently looking into employment and have gone into talks in major companies which has lead me to a very favorable outcome; however, this is for another day. The focus here is to discuss my contributions to the OpenSource-NY project, and the presentation done recently. I believe the project has grown quite large compared to the beginning, and now has a lot more support externally and internally. My part was to focus on the database component which help reduce API calls, and limitations. The code can be seen here:  
[First Contribution](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/13)  
[Second Contribution](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/16)    
[Third Contribution](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/18)   

All in all, I enjoyed the work I did. Whilst I had just learned to implement functionalities used by this project for my capstone, I learned to work with others on development a completely new product from scratch, and pushing my parts of the work together that way to create a product to promote OpenSource communities.

