# Week 7

### The beginnings of a new chapter: Open source, and its wonders.

## OFI VS FSF:

What is OFI? Well, it stands for The Open Source Initiative, this definition describes the terms of open-source software beyond just source code. It describes that source code must be provided, and must allow distribution in some forum, publicly accessible, and must not be obfuscated in any way. It license should allow derived/modifications under the same license as the original software. The source code can be restricted iff the license allows distribution of patch files with the source code for the purpose of modifying a problem at build time (So a hot fix); however, distribution must be made free but a change in name for derived sources may be required. No discrimination of persons and groups. No discriminations against for what purpose (excluding illegal purposes) the software is being used for. The license applied should only be applied by the holder and not a third party thereafter. Licenses should not be software specific. The licenses cannot impede other softwares, and must be technological neutral in that the license cannot be biased towards a certain technology, style, and or interface. 

FSF stands for Free Software Foundation, It focuses on whether particular software programs qualify as free software. The focus is that users may have the freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change, and improve software such that the program is considered "free" versus a "nonfree/proprietary" program where the developer controls the software thereby controlling the users. The four focuses of FSF are the following: 
1) The freedom to run the program as you wish, for any purpose 
2) The freedom to study how the program works, and change it so it does your computing as you wish, Access to the source code is a precondition for this.
3) The freedom to redistribute copies so you can help others.
4) The freedom to distribute copies of your modified versions to others. By doing this you can give the whole community a chance to benefit from your changes. Access to the source code is a precondition for this.

Furthermore, it describes copyleft, in which it can be simply described as the rule that when redistributing the program, you cannot add restrictions to deny other people the central freedoms. This rule does not conflict with the central freedoms; rather it protects them.
Additionally, FSF go into describing rules about packaging and distribution details such that they must be designed not to limit freedom to realease modified versions or the framed to make and use modified versions privately, and that if the version were to be released they must maintain the same licenses are previously applied. Export Regulations cannot be control (as they are set by government); however, refusal to impose them can be done in most circumstances.

Therefore, we can compare both OFI and FSF; however, they seem very closely related. Free Software Foundations views, and free software is open source; however, open source has a much looser criteria. The difference between the two is a philosophical aspect regarding what is considered free, how to apply freedom to the software and users, and how their rights are protected. Nevertheless, both allow users to experience two closely related version of software made free. Whether it be only code, or software and code. 

## Open Street Map

I was in the previous class (Independent Study OSSD); therefore, I added more edits to my account; however, my view is the same as before. OSM definitely needs improvements; however, it will become a great alternative to google in terms of security and accuracy once it develops further.
