# Week 8

### Gitflow/Open Source Project/Development

So, This week we focused on finishing up our gitflow activities, and to begin to develop on Open Source project. To be honest, I have still not contributed to it.. There's no organization and it seems I should just build it myself with the way organization is done. I mean, I really do not prefer front-end development; however, as a result of doing my capstone project which utilizes a mern architecture (which is very easy to make). It utilizes MongoDB (NoSQL), Express (Framework for server), React (Front-end Design), NodeJS (Back-End Design). Honestly, I need to start figuring out what the current issues are, and start talking to the current members of the project more. I don't know what's going on, and it's my fault. 

As for contributions, there are non currently (as in no pull requests). ~I will be looking into getting more involved~ (Bad choice of words). 

The contributions at this point and my not knowing of what was happening in the project were more towards the fact that whilst I had my own job to do, I did not know what tasks others were taking. At this point someone should of started a task board which would of assigned people jobs based on what they wanted to do. I used the same tool for my capstone group which allowed us to figure out what jobs needed to be done, in which order, and how long we had to do it. However, I am still working on my part of the project which is nearing completion; however, with my capstone and other classes, the amount of work I can give is limiting. More debugging and testing to be done within the next two weeks.
