## GIT + Projects
### February 14th, 2019

We have not done much work this week, we will discuss projects and their evaluations in class 2/15. I believe I will have had picked a good project by the time I arrive in class with information regarding this. I have been dealing with other classes which have taken a good amount of my time, specifically capstone. I personally enjoy the git excerises we do in class, and look forward to future ones with my classmates.

Additional information about the week includes the main focus of Evaluating Open Source Projects, in which, we focused on the understanding on how to figure out the contribution level and interest of a project. The first focus was to always check the License to see what as an individual/organization has allowed to happen. To basically check if it is not open source, and if it is to consider working on it. After that, you would also check to see what kind of license was put on the project, and what permissions are granted to you, as a contributor. Can you fork? Can you modify it? Can you redistribute it. The easiest way to check would be to look up the license and see what the permission are, if it happens to be a original or mixed license then manually reading always does the trick. The next step is to check whether you are willing to consider the difficulty of the project as doable, and whether the language in the project is something you've worked with or something you are willing to learn. After that, you just need to accept that most of the time you will be looking to help fix smaller issues; however, every contribution will help. If you have got to the point of comfortability of the project, download and see where you go. Make sure to follow the contribution guides, and the installation guidelines to ensure you know what you can do, and how to be up to date. Look on their respective github for issues and learn to do pull requests, and then code away! 
